To choose the next node in the A* search,
you want to find the node with the lowest overall cost.
This cost, also called the F value,
is the sum of two other values;
the H value and the G value.
The H value or heuristic gets smaller the closer node is to the goal.
So incorporating this into
your overall cost ensures you're searching in the right direction.
The G value or distance cost increases with each step in the search.
Incorporating this cost into the overall cost ensures that the search
finds the most direct route possible instead of wandering around the grid.
In the next exercise,
you'll create a comparison function that will be used to
sort nodes in order to choose the next one.